It's had a very positive effect on my lifestyle.
The three years that I served in the chancellor's
office, actually 33 months as chancellor plus Oh,
four months after that, as an executive assistant
to the new chancellor,
to give me an opportunity to finish up the master
plan for the A&M Research Park, which I had
started. That was Bum Bright's idea as chairman of
the board. And the
three years there so vastly improved my, the
formula considerations which determined my
retirement income were substantial, Haskell.
And that's had a profound impact upon our life.
Okay, the last question. What feelings do you hold
in your heart for A&M today?
Well, they are of course feelings of great
respect.
feelings of,
at this point following the bonfire incident just
so recently, that has had a profound impact upon me
and upon everybody, Haskell. And I have not been
exempt from that. from the impact that that left
upon me. To me I hope this university learns that an
institution which prizes its self-made
traditions above human life is destined for
something other than greatness.
I
feel close
to the university. I feel the university
simply needs to be truly a major university in its
stature and its poise among its administrative
leadership. people
among the faculty, all the constituents, the
Farmer Students Association.
I have strong, strong feelings, positive
feelings for A&M. If someone gave you a million
dollar check with one condition on it, that you
have to pass it on to A&M, what would you ask them to
do with that resource? I would ask them to put it
with the Texas A&M University Press as an
endowment for scholarly publications.
Let's quit on that.